feat: new config to toggle salutation field for registration (#7882)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-03-25-new-config-to-toogle-salutaion-field-on-registration.md

---
title: New config to toggle salutation field on registration
issue: https://github.com/shopware/shopware/issues/7480
author_github: @En0Ma1259
---
# Core
* Added new `hideSalutation` config to toggle salutation field on registration form
___
# Storefront

> * Added check for new config `hideSalutation` in `src/Storefront/Resources/views/storefront/component/address/address-personal.html.twig`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new `showSalutation` config to toggle salutation field on registration form
___
# Storefront
* Added check for new config `showSalutation` in `src/Storefront/Resources/views/storefront/component/address/address-personal.html.twig`
```
